Intitial playwright tests with workflow (#169)
LDFLK/openginxplore: README.md

| `version` | `No` | Application Version | `rc-1.0.0` |
| `dataSources` | `No` | Data Sources | `https://data.gov.lk/` |

## How to Run Tests

### Prerequisites
Make sure dependencies are installed:
```bash
npm install
npm install --save-dev monocart-reporter
```

Install Playwright browsers if not already done:
```bash
npx playwright install
```

### Start the Dev Server
Always start the development server before running tests so they can interact with a live application environment.
```bash
npm run dev
```

### Run All Tests (all browsers + all viewports)
```bash
npx playwright test
```

### Run on a Single Browser/Viewport
Each browser + viewport combination is its own project (see `playwright.config.js`):
```bash
npx playwright test --project=chromium-mobile
npx playwright test --project=firefox-tablet
npx playwright test --project=webkit-desktop
```

### Run a Specific Test File
```bash
npx playwright test tests/view-profile.spec.ts
```

### View HTML Test Report (Monocart)
After running tests, open the Monocart report (includes test results + code coverage):
```bash
# macOS
open test-results/report.html

# Linux
xdg-open test-results/report.html

# Windows

> start test-results/report.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npx monocart show-report test-results/report.html
```

| `version` | `No` | Application Version | `rc-1.0.0` |
| `dataSources` | `No` | Data Sources | `https://data.gov.lk/` |

## How to Run Tests

### Prerequisites
Make sure dependencies are installed:
```bash
npm install
npm install --save-dev monocart-reporter
```

Install Playwright browsers if not already done:
```bash
npx playwright install
```

### Start the Dev Server

> The dev server must be running before executing tests:
> ```bash
> npm run dev

Reviewer: This statements is not completely true. actually without starting the dev server manually we can run the tests because playwright is smart enough to run the dev server if the server isnt in running mode. but if the server is not running in a port it takes some time to first start the server and then run the tests. So it is recommended to run the server in local development to avoid this extra time.

```suggestion
Always start the development server before running tests so they can interact with a live application environment.
```bash
npm run dev
```

Author: Added the suggested improvement to the readme

```

### Run All Tests (all browsers + all viewports)
```bash
npx playwright test
```

### Run on a Single Browser
```bash
npx playwright test --project=chromium
npx playwright test --project=firefox
npx playwright test --project=webkit

> ```

Author: Corrected

### Run a Specific Test File
```bash
npx playwright test tests/view-profile.spec.ts
```

### View HTML Test Report
```bash
npx playwright show-report

> ```

Reviewer: this isn't correct. here you've configured `monocart reporter` as the test reporting tool instead of the playwrights default one. Its okay to use `monocart reporter` because it gives some additional benefits when compare with the default one. in the `README.md` says the playwright report directory instead of the monocart report directory to show the test reports.

Author: Added the monocart reporters directory to the readme

### View Coverage Report
After running tests, open the coverage report:
```bash
# macOS
open coverage/index.html

# Linux
xdg-open coverage/index.html

> ```

Reviewer: this part is also not needed because the `monocart-reporter` bundles the code coverage report into one

Author: Removed this
